Ninja!
Hello!
Today I bought a Ninninger's kit!
So I am supposed to set this one.
Ninnnger with a first blade right?
There are 3 types in total.
This is the first blade!
Let's open it!
3,2,1.....
This is inside the box.
And this is how to build it up.
Okay! Let's begin!
I will take the parts.
Oh shuriken is gone further away.
Is this supposed to fit?
I will put a sticker now.
Here and here
I've done!
You can attach the shuriken here.
Haaa!
I've made it!
Swash, swash
Noooooo! you alright red ninja!?
She gonna take the doll!
Transform!
I will transform to Red Ninja!
Ninja ninja
Ha da toh da ha ha da
Shinobi, but not hidden!
Till beating all monsters!
Ha ya da
Haha
Today I made the first blade!
This is so easy, so please try it!
Rock scissors paper...
Scissors!
Please watch other Ninninger videos!
Bye bye!
Ninja!